Add ad hoc data source metrics page (#3)
SkylineCommunications/SLC-LCA-GQIMonitor: SLC-S-GQIMonitor/SLC-S-GQIMonitor/CatalogInformation/README.md

- __User metrics__: overview of the top 10 users for each metric
- __Extension logs__: search and inspect log entries for each extension library  
 *Prerequisites: web version 10.5.9 or higher with GQI DxM*

> - __Extension metrics__: inspect metrics for each extension ad hoc data source  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- __Ad hoc data source metrics__: overview of performance and usage metrics for each _active_ ad hoc data source on the system.
```
